feat(sourceId): Add `sourceId` to provide `data-autocomplete-source-id` on `section` source container (#429)
algolia/autocomplete.js: packages/website/docs/sources.md

You can trigger different behaviors if the item is active following a mouse event or a keyboard event based on the `event` param.

### `sourceId`

> `string`

> Applied to `data-autocomplete-source-id` on the `section` source container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifier for the source. It is used as value for the `data-autocomplete-source-id` attribute of the source `section` container.
```
